Welcome back in the previous video we saw how to use the rest operator to collect arguments in a function.
In this video we'll see the same three dots but in a different setting when three dots are used outside
of parameters to a function those three dots are called the spread operator.
The idea behind the spread operator is to take an array and spread each value up.
So where can you use the spread operator.
Let's imagine that we have three arrays and wanted to create a new array with all the values of each
array inside of it.
And yes 5 we might use something like that to keep joining arrays.
And that would work in as 2015.
We can make a new array and spread out all of the values in each array.
Let's see what that looks like.
We can see here we are using the same three dots.
But since it is not a parameter to a function it's called the spread operator.
Another common use case is when you have an array of values but are trying to invoke a function which
accepts each value individually before 2015.
This was commonly done using the applied method which has its second parameter accepts an array of arguments
which it spreads out.
Let's imagine we have an array of values and want to find the largest value in the array.
There's a handy map that Max function which returns the highest value of what happens when we pass an
array to it.
It doesn't know how to deal with that.
So it returns not a number with yes 5 we can solve this using apply.
Don't worry too much about the first parameter to apply.
We don't care what the value of the key this is.
We're just using apply for the second parameter which is how we can pass an array of arguments to be
spread out to a function an N as 2015.
We have the spread operator to do that.
Let's start with the math that Max function with that operator.
We can easily spread out all of the values and find the greatest thanks.
Let's see one more example.
Here we have a function which accepts three parameters a b and c..
We also have a variable called numbs which is an array of three numbers.
So how can we invoke this function using names as a parameter with the S-5 way.
We would use apply which is a second parameter accepts an array of values.
Or we could use the spread operator with E.S. 2015 in the next video we're going to talk about useful
enhancements that as 2015 gives us when working with objects.
But first if you're trying to practice a bit more with the rest and spread Operator Good luck and I'll
see you in the next video.